Add xrefs to APIs, edit pass (#38705)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/service-discovery.md

The `Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery` package includes the following endpoint selector providers:

- <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery.Abstractions.PickFirstServiceEndPointSelectorProvider.Instance?displayProperty=nameWithType>: Pick-first, which always selects the first endpoint.
- <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery.Abstractions.RoundRobinServiceEndPointSelectorProvider.Instance?displayProperty=nameWithType>: Round-robin, which cycles through endpoints.
- <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery.Abstractions.RandomServiceEndPointSelectorProvider.Instance?displayProperty=nameWithType>: Random, which selects endpoints randomly.

> - <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery.Abstractions.PowerOfTwoChoicesServiceEndPointSelectorProvider.Instance?displayProperty=nameWithType>: Power-of-two-choices, which attempt to pick the least heavily loaded endpoint based on the _Power of Two Choices_ algorithm for distributed load balancing, degrading to randomly selecting an endpoint when either of the provided endpoints don't have the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery.Abstractions.IEndPointLoadFeature> feature.

Reviewer: Is there a better phrase than "least heavily loaded?"
- least used
- underloaded
- lightest load
- 
?

> - <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery.Abstractions.PowerOfTwoChoicesServiceEndPointSelectorProvider.Instance?displayProperty=nameWithType>: Power-of-two-choices, which attempt to pick the least heavily loaded endpoint based on the _Power of Two Choices_ algorithm for distributed load balancing, degrading to randomly selecting an endpoint when either of the provided endpoints don't have the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery.Abstractions.IEndPointLoadFeature> feature.

Author: ```suggestion
- <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery.Abstractions.PowerOfTwoChoicesServiceEndPointSelectorProvider.Instance?displayProperty=nameWithType>: Power-of-two-choices, which attempt to pick the least used endpoint based on the _Power of Two Choices_ algorithm for distributed load balancing, degrading to randomly selecting an endpoint when either of the provided endpoints don't have the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ServiceDiscovery.Abstractions.IEndPointLoadFeature> feature.
```
